sounded good on some level of the goals situation I had to deal with my
first six command I had to bring some mass a five as sexually harassed
for in the upcoming on a brand new to this the best this is also
the first day of March and then made aware of this as they I have
the exact item also for all of that so why for the men last and recommended
he be drawn and twenty two and a half months later twenty two
out of my twenty four months command twenty two and a half months
later the man was drawn that so I was a highly on some level of school
situation that that member placed me does anyone to talk to you can't
talk to me at the start of what you want to talk about an your
now imagine officer yeah you can lock people I you can love what this
whole situation Richard point where you are going to be fun and so
I was not going to a lot of five Dr and as a result I was clear to
other clear from one field on Tuesday to